part 2 Hal week I cried myself to sleep
that night there was nothing I could do
I was a child out of my element in the
world I didn't understand as he picks up
the phone this is camp service center
are we adjust life to your needs I tried
to call my mom on the phone they put in
my bedroom but all I got was an
answering machine that spent an utterly
useless Orwellian bullshit to my horror
I inspected the back of the phone to
find there wasn't even a court just
cheap prob they'd even gone so far as to
nail it down to the shelf so I slept
like shit bolting up in bed at the
slightest sound and hazy dreams about a
legion of half animal half man shadows
busting through my door in the middle of
the night doing unspeakable things no
one came for me the next day I headed
back to nukes in the sobering light of
morning my thought was that I should
have come up to it with a plan to escape
but until then I should lie low not make
a scene plus I was starving there was no
cafeteria or food hall on the entire
grounds just a few orange trees for
sustenance I asked nook about food and
payment he didn't give a fuck all he
worried about was making sure I was
constantly working from sunup to sundown
over the next week a sentient variety of
errands the Tom and delivered shit to
every resident in camp who all had nice
well furnished homes they could never
figure out what they did during the day
occasionally I'd seen him randomly
roaming the grounds like zombies but in
general they stayed locked up in their
houses one day buck made a fatal mistake
he asked me to send a sales flyer to a
resident in town and gave me a blank
envelope this is my chance I was going
to get a message out to my mom with any
luck the Pelican woman wouldn't pay any
close attention to the address thinking
it was a sales fly from tom nook at agra
stationery and scribbled out a
bereavement clear message dear mom this
is not a real camp I'm being forced into
labor send the police ASAP please mail
me some food
from Billy clutching the letter in my
clammy hands i forked it over for
deliveries what a sweat cliff-hanging
for my brow all i could do now was wait
i didn't have to wait long to my
surprise the letter was sitting my
mailbox that evening from my mom the
very same day dear Billy summer was over
in it's getting chilly I slipped on some
wet leaves today it was unfortunate gas
falls here love mom what is this a
fucking pun I beg for food and she sends
me an acorn this is some sick joke I
don't know oh fuck no my mom never got
my letter and she never will well she
didn't write this in one instant all my
hopes are shattered and now and now they
know that I know I fall into a fog of
despair and curl up into my bed hoping
to die but the next day morning comes
and hunger drives me from misery no
claims he'll pay me for all this work
I've been doing but I haven't seen a
dime from it just gives me more and more
errands while the residents of mock me
he expect me to pay off this debt the
answer is simple he doesn't days go by
we're gonna do resin town called paint
if you're thinking he's named after a
food made from his own species you're
right no cause me to deliver a massive
throw rug to to pay wearing duck manners
I / grudgingly haul it over well
thankssss only cool oh I see you're
Billy you're working for nook well I
guess everyone gets in over their heads
now and then so hey you should take my
stove now cheer up crackle he paid
shares a disturbing bit of dialogue with
me and then something odd happens I
think he meant to call me a cracker when
i get home that evening he shipped a gas
stove to my Shack with winter coming on
and maybe the only thing keeping me
alive is it possible i made a friend in
this fucked up place i set it next to my
candle things finally looking up
the seeds of a plan begin to come
together it's risky but ago take any
chance I get that devil looks distracted
I steal some paper from a shop tonight
i'll send paid a letter explaining my
situation and begging for his help since
he's new around here maybe nook hasn't
already gotten to him that evening i
slip a thin envelope under the Mallards
door I toss and turn online dear paid
I'm being held hostage here if you have
any decency at all please help me I'm
begging you from Billy the next day I'm
heading back from a job when I see paint
walking zombie like back to his house he
looks like he just came from nooks so I
consciously approached him unsure of how
to broach the subject hi I said leave me
alone you could chew that piece of gum I
accidentally sat on gag me I should know
better by now Pete's made a scene
another was starting to notice out of
the corner man I see the mayor gesturing
to me is paid her ease away timidly I
meet him remember Billy the man always
has an eye on you that's what I know it
needs to be done this isn't the mayor's
work or the residence or the cab driver
the show is being run by tom nook and
the only way I'm getting out of here is
on my own